No, turn off the silence
Zixuan, are you alright?
master
Why am I the only one left in the live stream?
Oh, dear.
I was careless, these more than 1,000 lives.
A paranormal live broadcast in Fengfeng Village last night
A total of 1,024 mysterious deaths were caused
The cause of death is still under investigation
The police are appealing here
From now on, all live broadcasts will be suspended at 12:00 midnight.
Look at your paranormal live stream.
Killed another 1,000 people
It's all your fault
Oh, dear.
Dad Li Qiang, you can't say that
What about that evil sin?
It was also provoked by you during the live broadcast.
You can't blame me either
How dare you pass the buck here?
You didn't force me to go live.
Trick me into signing a contract
I'm not going to the live stream.
You let me pay 500,000 liquidated damages
I think you are with that Xie Sui